So we're going to put this
small project to bed and
it's time to refocus or
to focus on the slack app.
So, now that we know that we've learned
about how I typically do linting and
API documentation and build and testing.
You may now look at this,
the main workshop project, and
you'll see a lot of the same things.
So the point of taking you through
this exercise was, you should now,
be able to understand where to look for
certain things and
what you see here is effectively the.
The react part of the app added
in extending on this same
concept of what we went through.
So, I hope you take as a given that our
starting point here is just different and
very uninteresting ways from
what we've built so far,
so you can think of it sort of as
a continuation of our layering up.
So, what I'm gonna talk
about now is our process for
converting from JavaScript to TypeScript.
And if you took the previous course,
the TypeScript three essentials V2,
you may remember that we had
a three step process for
this conversion effort.
And the idea here is you do not wanna
have a long running branch where you've
converted a bunch of things to TypeScript,
but everyone else is still
committing code to the repository.
That's is a recipe for
just an awful merge conflict situation,
you're gonna spend half your time
keeping upstream stuff in sync and
pulling your commits and
you do not want that.
What you want is to sort
of make focused efforts,
lend those in master or
main and you want them for
new code to be in TypeScript if possible,
right?
You wanna kinda make progress and
then get back into your default branch.
So, some guidance around what not to do,
these are from my previous course,
I just wanna put those back in your mind.
Don't attempt functional
changes at the same time,
make sure your test coverage is good.
That is how you're going to make sure
that as this conversion happens,
you're not unintentionally changing
as you make the types happy,
you're not changing the nature of
the code and causing breakage.
Don't forget about adding tests for
your types,
we're gonna talk about how
to do that shortly and
don't get too excited about publishing
type information for consumers.
So, if this is a library, your last
step is publishing declaration files,
don't get too excited about that and
do it too early because it's
just gonna be full of anys.
And you're effectively gonna be
giving consumers suggestions
about how to use your API that
are just way too loose and
broad, you don't want that,
they don't either.
So, step one, we're gonna compile in
loose mode, we're gonna make sure our
tests work and the goal here is we just
want to get everything in TS files.
And we wanna just have the compiler
back off as much as it can and
then we're gonna end with the test
passing again, we're gonna merge it in.
Step two,
we want to go from allowing implicit
anys to requiring that anys be explicit.
So, in order to make that work,
we're gonna have to download some type
information, install reacts types, for
example, I think those are already in.
In places where things
are a bit more complicated,
we're not gonna wait until
the types are perfect.
We're just gonna say, explicit any,
right, it's fine, cuz the goal
is get your test passing again get
that merged in and you've ratcheted up
the compilers strictness a little bit
because anys is must be explicit now.
And then finally you're gonna wanna enable
strict mode and my even more strict stuff.
Even more strict mode that we talked
about earlier like no unused locals,
no unused parameters, etc.
The need for
explicit function return types that
would come with this this level as well.
Now, I made a mistake in
my previous course, so
I have to issue a correction here and it
only reinforces what I've told you today.
Apparently, when I
recorded this last year,
I did not have a very solid idea
of exactly what strict true meant.
Which is okay because in the class I saw
no hands go up, nobody else knew either.
So, it turns out these other options
I didn't need to set them to true cuz
strict was already gonna set them to true,
at least by today's version of TypeScript.